Hello and welcome to this new tutorial.
All right so we actually made a good step yesterday by getting separately the questions and answers
because basically now we're ready to proceed to the cleaning process where we clean all the text of
the questions and answers.
And by that I mean that first we're going to put everything in lowercase.
Then we're going to remove all the apostrophes so that for example that is the same as that is when
the child is trained.
And then we'll do some more cleaning by removing the non important words.
But that will be later on today we're going to make a function that we're going to call clean text and
that will be applied on a text like a specific question or specific answer and that will do multiple
cleaning at the same time.
So we're just going to make that function today and then in the next tutorials who will apply this function
on the questions all the questions and all the answers.
So here we go.
Let's make this function to make a function in python we need to start with Def that's defined then
we need to give a name to that function.
We're going to call it clean text and this function is going to take only one argument which is going
to be text.
So I'm just giving a name to this argument but later on when we apply this function to the questions
and answers this text will be well either questions or answers.
All right so there we go.
We are ready to start defining what this function has to do.
And so as I said at the beginning of the Statoil the first thing this function is going to do is put
all the text in lowercase that will simplify things a lot already.
And so I'm going to take my text because we are taking the text as input and we're going to modify it
several times.
So I'm doing my text that's my text.
Now I'm going to take my previous text that is the argument text and I'm going to add that lower and
parenthesis.
This is a trick to put all the characters of the text in lowercase and that's it.
We're ready to move on to the next cleaning step.
So the next cleaning steps are going to be about removing the apostrophe's mainly So same we're going
to take our text this will be our new text after this new cleaning step and this will be cool too.
Well that's now we're going to use the our library that we imported and that will do some replacements
which for example will remove the apostrophe's.
All right.
So text we take our our library then we had dirt and then we're going to use the sub function which
will do the replacement we want.
So we start here with our.
Then after that we need to put what we want to replace in double quotes.
And so let's start by replacing I apostrophe and I'm I put lowercase is of course because we already
apply the lower function.
And so we're going to replace them by and that's our second argument.
End quote.
We're going to replace that by.
I am.
This will be much more simple for the chat.
But during the training and then the third argument is of course in which text we have to replace that
and that of course our text the previous version of the text that is this one here.
This is the new one to replace the I'm by the I am OK and now it's going to be very easy.
I'm just going to copy this because we're going to make some other replacements.
Are going to be the same in terms of syntax.
So pasting the here and now what we're going to replace He's And she's.
So we're going to replace the he's by he is and the she's by she is.
So let's do it.
I'm going to remove this.
And here he is.
And we're going to replace that by.
He is.
All right then let's copy this again because I'm just going to do this she's now.
So she's.
She is.
OK perfect.
Now let's see.
There is a lot of that and that we can replace by that is.
So let's take care of that.
That's we're going to replace that by that is OK.
Continue.
So you see this period.
You can actually add your own replacements after this tutorial if you think I missed something.
So he is now what.
What's.
You know there is a lot of what's in question.
What's the problem.
What's And we're going to replace that by what is.
OK now let's take that again because I'm going to remake the same kind of replacement with where's.
OK.
So where's And I'm going to replace that by where it's all right then.
New kinds of replacement.
Now I'm going to replace all the apostrophe l l by space will.
So to get the apostrophe and not to confuse it with the python apostrophe syntax I need to use a backslash
here.
So backslash apostrophe and L L and that I will replace it by be careful space will because he'll go
will be replaced by he space will go OK.
So then copy that because I'm going to make some same kind of replacement for example with the I've
got which I will replace by space have then same for your for example.
So apostrophe R E that I will replace by.
You are.
So space are OK then anything that has to do with the word I'd go there.
I would go there.
So I replace the apostrophe d by space word
we can replace the won't and now we need to remove the backslash because we don't need anymore.
Won't that will replace by will not.
But be careful to remove the space.
Well not then I'm actually going to copy this and pasted below because now I'm going to replace some
kind of the same thing.
Can't buy
cannot.
All right and then I'm going to make a last replacement which will actually be removal.
I'm going to replace all the non-necessary symbols.
You'll see what they are and actually again feel free to remove even more than what I'm removing.
So since it's a removal this time I'm going to replace what I want to remove by nothing as we did previously
for.
Remember this part.
And so now I'm going to put in double quotes again but in a list that I put in square brackets lists
are always in square brackets and dictionaries and brackets.
I'm going to put all these symbols that I want to remove.
That is that I want to replace my nothing.
OK so this can be for example minus parenthesis double quotes that I have to put after backslash not
to confuse it with the python double quotes.
Then there is slash at semicolon Kollin below over bracket the two brackets plus equals the till the
the bar.
What else does question mark comma.
And that's it you can add some more if you want but you have to put them in that list.
I think this will be already a good cleaning process and we're done.
We are actually done with this function.
And at the end we of course need to return the text that is now CLEET perfect.
So the function is ready I will improve it if necessary.
But I will not make it new to sorry for that.
I will just improve direct on the code that I will share with you at the end of this adventure.
So don't be surprised if you see more cleaning steps in that function.
All right so that's it for this Statoil in the next one we will apply this function to our questions
and our answers so that we clean everything in the Cornell movie Diala corpus and then we'll move on
to the next steps which will be to remove the important words so that our chat but doesn't get overwhelmed
in the train.
All right so I'll see you in the next tutorial.
And until then Id been LP.